# Combined Approach
This first uses histogram comparison with cv2.compareHist() to create initial shape groupings and then uses Earth Mover's Distance with cv2.EMD() within these initial groupings to create final shape categories. The histogram match threshold for the images to be initially grouped together can be specified by changing the value of histogram_cutoff, and the EMD cutoff score for final groupings can be specified by changing the value of EMD_cutoff. 

# Process
1. Iterate through all of the images and determine whether a shape exists in each image by seeing if the white pixel to total pixel ratio threshold (white_threshold) is met in the resized image. If there is no shape, categorize it as part of folder 0 (the “shapeless” category) and remember that that image has been categorized already so the program does not include it when determining the initial histogram categories and the final EMD categories.
2. Iterate through all of the images that have not been filtered out into the “shapeless” category and create initial categories using histogram comparison. The next image that has not been categorized using histogram comparison is set as the “reference” image for a new initial shape category that is created. The histograms of all remaining images that have not been categorized using histogram comparison are compared against the reference image’s histogram and if the histogram_cutoff is met, the image is added to this new shape category and set as categorized.
3. Iterate through all of the subcategories created using histogram comparison and create final categories by computing EMD within these subcategories. Iterate through each subcategory. Within each subcategory, the next image that has not been categorized using EMD is set as the “reference” image for a new final shape category that is created. Compute EMD between the reference image and each of the remaining images that have not been categorized in this subcategory. If the work score is under the EMD_cutoff value–the amount of work it takes to transform one distribution into the other is under a specified work value and thus the images are relatively similar–the image is added to this new final shape category and set as categorized. 
